YUSEI: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S.
CROW'S GOT 50
LIFE POINTS LEFT!
NO CARDS! NONE!
AND NOTHING
STANDING BETWEEN HIM
AND THE POWER OF THE GODS.
SOMEONE TELL CROW
HE'S DONE FOR.
BRODER: GO AHEAD AND ADMIT IT.
YOUR WINGS ARE CLIPPED.
TEAM RAGNAROK'S
GOING TO THE FINALS.
WE'RE THE ONES WHO ARE
GONNA TAKE ON ILIASTER.
TIME FOR THE FINAL BLOW.
NOW LOKI ATTACKS YOU DIRECTLY.
SAY GOOD-BYE, CROW.
[DISTORTED VOICE]
YOU MAY HAVE
ME DOWN, BRODER,
BUT YOU DON'T HAVE
ME OUT JUST YET.
'CAUSE I'M BRINGING TO THE FIELD
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON!
[ROARING]
I REVEAL MY TRAP CARD.
DROMI THE SACRED SHACKLES.
LOKI'S GOT 500 MORE ATTACK
POINTS THAN YOUR DRAGON.
SO YOU GET TO ENJOY A
WHOPPING 500 POINTS OF HURT.
[GROANING]
THAT WAS AMAZING.
THE FRENETIC CLASH OF THE
TRICKSTERS HAS ENDED.
AND IN A FINAL SHOCKING
TWIST, IT'S ENDED IN A DRAW.
IN THEIR RESPECTIVE PITS,
THE LAST DUELISTS ARE WAITING.
WHO WILL EMERGE TRIUMPHANT?
YUSEI FUDO?
OR WILL IT BE HALLDOR?
DIVINITY RISES!
BEHOLD, THE RULER
OF ALL THINGS.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE ULTIMATE NORDIC GOD
ODIN, FATHER OF THE AESIR.
YUSEI: AMAZING.
HE'S GOT THREE GOD CARDS.
THIS WILL TAKE
EVERYTHING I'VE GOT.
♪♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU COULD
WIN ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNING SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUST
ITSELF INTO OUR LIVES ♪
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!
HE'S FINALLY APPEARED
THE THIRD NORDIC GOD, ODIN.
NOW TEAM RAGNAROK HAS THEIR
THREE MIGHTIEST CARDS
ALL ON THE FIELD
AT THE SAME TIME.
AND READY TO WREAK
SOME SERIOUS HAVOC.
HOW WILL YUSEI FUDO POSSIBLY
PREVAIL AGAINST
THESE POWERFUL FOES?
I DON'T KNOW SEEING
AS HOW WE HAVEN'T EVEN
BEEN ABLE TO
TAKE DOWN ONE YET.
THIS IS AWFUL.
BRUNO: I'LL SAY, THOR
NEGATES A MONSTER'S SPECIAL
ABILITY AND ABSORBS IT.
LOKI NEGATES THE
ACTIVATION OF A TRAP DURING
THE BATTLE PHASE OF A TURN.
AND ODIN, WELL, I'M NOT QUITE
SURE WHAT ODIN CAN DO YET,
BUT I'M BETTING
IT'S SOMETHING BIG
ESPECIALLY SEEING
AS HOW HE'S GOT
THE MOST ATTACK POINTS OUT
OF THOSE THREE BEHEMOTHS.
BUT DON'T FORGET, BRUNO,
THE EFFECT OF YUSEI'S
TRAP CARD MONSTER CHAIN
IS STILL IN EFFECT.
AND AS LONG AS IT IS,
NEITHER YUSEI OR HALLDOR CAN
ATTACK FOR THREE MORE TURNS.
WHICH GIVES
YUSEI SOME TIME
TO COME UP WITH
A PLAN TO WIN THIS.
AH, YUSEI FUDO,
I WILL ADMIT YOU WERE WISE
TO PLAY A TRAP
THAT WOULD STALL OUR MATCH.
HOWEVER, NOW THAT ODIN
FATHER OF THE AESIR IS OUT
YOU WOULD BE WISE
TO RE-STRATEGIZE.
YOU SEE, ODIN
ISN'T JUST A GOD.
HE'S THE RULER OF
THE NORDIC GODS.
HE'S MORE POWERFUL
THAN THOR AND LOKI,
AND CERTAINLY MORE POWERFUL
THAN YOUR LITTLE TRAP.
MY TRAP?
THAT'S RIGHT, YUSEI.
BUT DON'T TAKE
MY WORD FOR IT.
OBSERVE AS I INVOKE
ODIN'S ABILITY.
THE ABILITY TO TAKE ANY SPELL
OR TRAP CARD THAT'S
ON THE FIELD AND BEING PUT
TO USE AGAINST A GOD
AND COMPLETELY NEGATE IT.
[LIGHTNING STRIKES]
MY MONSTER CHAIN.
[EXPLOSIONS]
SEEMS THAT HALLDOR IS
GOING TO END THIS HERE.
AND NOW, YUSEI,
BEHOLD, THE AWESOME
POWER OF THE NORDIC GODS.
FIRST UP IS LOKI.
AND NEXT THOR WILL
UNLEASH HIS FURY ON YOU.
AND FINALLY, ODIN, FATHER OF
THE AESIR, LET LOOSE YOUR MIGHT!
[LIGHTNING]
[MOANING]
ALL THE MONSTERS ON YOUR FIELD
HAVE BEEN DESTROYED, YUSEI.
THE ONLY THING LEFT
TO TARGET NOW IS YOU.
AND TARGET YOU, I SHALL.
WELL, THEN,
I'D BETTER MAKE A MOVE.
[ENGINES ROARING]
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
ALL THE MONSTERS ON
YUSEI'S FIELD ARE GONE.
MEANING NOW HE'S
THE ONLY ONE TO TAKE OUT.
THIS IS BAD.
MAN, I CAN'T BELIEVE YUSEI'S
TRAP BACKFIRED THE WAY IT DID.
IT'D BE ONE THING IF BOTH
HALLDOR AND YUSEI COULDN'T
ATTACK FOR THREE TURNS,
BUT WITH ODIN'S ABILITY,
HALLDOR CAN ATTACK
WHENEVER HE PLEASES.
YUSEI'S GOTTA
LEVEL THE FIELD.
IF THAT'S EVEN
POSSIBLE AT THIS POINT.
YUSEI IS GOING TO
MAKE IT POSSIBLE.
YEAH, HE'LL FIND A WAY,
FOR SURE.
IF THERE'S ANYONE THAT CAN
PULL IT OFF, IT'S YUSEI.
WELL, GUYS WE'LL SOON SEE.
THIS CONTEST
IS ALL BUT OVER.
AGREED, BRODER.
NO DUELIST STANDS
A CHANCE AGAINST
A NORDIC GOD,
LET ALONE THREE.
LESTER: THE BATTLE BETWEEN TEAM
RAGNAROK AND TEAM 5D'S
IS BETTER THAN WE
COULD HAVE EVER HOPED.
JUST LOOK AT
THE CIRCUIT SURGE.
AT THIS RATE,
ONCE WE REACH THE FINAL MATCH,
THE CONNECTION WILL BE TEETERING
ON THE EDGE OF FULL COMPLETION.
AND SO WILL OUR MASTER PLAN.
I NOW PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
YUSEI, I'VE WAITED A LONG
TIME TO ARRIVE HERE
AT THE VERGE OF VICTORY.
A VERY LONG TIME.
SEBASTIAN: MASTER HALLDOR,
THANK YOU FOR COMING.
I HAVE SOMETHING FOR YOU,
THIS IS YOUR BIRTHRIGHT.
THIS IS ODIN.
ACCORDING TO LEGEND,
THE FIMBULWINTER IS COMING.
THAT IS TO SAY,
THE FINAL BATTLE FOR
THIS WORLD IS FAST APPROACHING.
AND WHEN IT ARRIVES,
IT IS YOUR DUTY TO BATTLE
AS A DUELIST AND
PROTECT US, YOUNG MASTER.
IT IS A HEAVY BURDEN TO BE SURE,
BUT A BURDEN THAT YOUR FAMILY
HAS BARED FOR
COUNTLESS MILLENNIA.
YOU WILL TRAIN.
AND YOUR TRAINING
WILL BE COMPLETE
WHEN ODIN OPENS HIS EYE.
ONLY THEN
WILL YOU KNOW
THAT YOU'RE WORTHY
TO WIELD HIM IN BATTLE.
SO AS SEBASTIAN
HAD INSTRUCTED,
I BEGAN TO TRAIN.
TRAVELING THE WORLD LOOKING
TO HONE MY DUELING SKILLS.
AND TO SEE THE WORLD
AS IT TRULY WAS.
THE MAJESTY AS WELL
AS THE DESOLATION.
IT WASN'T ALWAYS EASY.
HUH?
BUT IT WAS ALWAYS INSIGHTFUL.
I BEGAN TO VIEW THE HUMAN
CONDITION IN A NEW WAY.
AND IN TURN, I BEGAN TO
VIEW MYSELF IN A NEW WAY.
GOOD TO SEE YOU, SEBASTIAN.
AND YOU AS WELL,
YOUNG MASTER.
ODIN'S EYE HAS OPENED.
HALLDOR:
YOU KNOW THE REST
OF THE STORY,
I FOUND THE OTHERS
WHO WOULD WIELD THE POWER
OF THE NORDIC GODS
ALONGSIDE ME.
SO YOU SEE, YUSEI, IT'S BEEN
A LONG AND ARDUOUS JOURNEY
TO ARRIVE AT WHERE I AM NOW.
AND THAT IS PRECISELY WHY
YOU FIND YOURSELF
WHERE YOU ARE NOW.
BECAUSE YOU'RE
THE VERY LAST OBSTACLE
IN MY WAY TO SAVE THE WORLD.
BUT YOU WON'T BE
IN MY WAY FOR LONG.
THE NORDIC GODS
ARE SEEING TO THAT.
THERE'S NO WITHSTANDING THEM.
WHICH IS WHY I NOW
OFFER YOU A CHANCE
TO END THIS WITH AT LEAST
SOME OF YOUR DIGNITY INTACT.
I OFFER YOU THE
CHANCE TO SURRENDER.
OTHERWISE, YOU'LL
TAKE THE FULL FORCE
OF THESE THREE
CHILLING POWERHOUSES.
IS THAT SO?
YOU KNOW, PERHAPS
IT'S TIME I TELL YOU
A LITTLE TALE OF
MY OWN, HALLDOR.
YOU SEE, YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY ONE
WHOSE COME ALL THE WAY
TO THE GRAND PRIX
TO FIGHT FOR SOMETHING.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, YUSEI?
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
THE PERSON WHOSE RESEARCH
BROUGHT ABOUT ZERO REVERSE
WAS YOUR FATHER,
WAS IT NOT, YUSEI?
AND SINCE YOU'RE
OF HIS BLOODLINE,
YOU HAVE IT IN YOU TO CAUSE THE
SAME DAMAGE HIS RESEARCH DID.
MY HEART DIDN'T WANT TO BELIEVE
WHAT YOU SAID COULD BE TRUE.
BUT THEN I REMEMBERED
A DREAM ABOUT MY FATHER.
IN IT, HE WARNED ME
ABOUT A GREAT DANGER.
YUSEI, THE POWER OF THE FORCE
YOU SEE BEFORE YOU
MUST NEVER REACH YOUR WORLD.
HUH?
AHH.
I THINK I KNOW
WHAT THAT THING IS NOW,
IT'S MY FATHER'S SHADOW.
YOUR FATHER'S SHADOW?
YOU SEE, I WAS BORN
ON THE SAME DAY
THAT THIS CITY
NEARLY PERISHED.
[CRYING]
WAS IT COINCIDENCE
OR WAS IT SOMETHING MUCH MORE?
SOMETHING THAT HAS
TO DO WITH THE FUDO FAMILY.
EVEN THOUGH ZERO REVERSE
WAS NOT MY FATHER'S FAULT,
HE WAS A PART OF IT.
SO MAYBE THERE IS SOMETHING
ABOUT MY BLOODLINE
THAT BRINGS DOOM AND DESPAIR.
AND IF THAT TURNS
OUT TO BE THE CASE,
THEN I'LL DO WHAT
I MUST TO STOP IT.
JUST AS I'M GOING TO
STOP TEAM NEW WORLD.
YOU SEE I'VE REALIZED
SOMETHING IMPORTANT.
NOTHING WILL EVER CHANGE
WHAT HAPPENED HERE IN
NEW DOMINO CITY.
THE ONLY THING I CAN CONTROL
IS WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
SO THAT'S JUST
WHAT I PLAN TO DO.
I SEE.
SO TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTION,
NO, HALLDOR, THERE'S NO WAY
I'LL EVER SURRENDER.
[ELECTRONIC NOISE]
HUH?
IT'S COMING.
WHAT IN THE WORLD?
THAT'S THE MARK OF
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
YES, BECAUSE HE'S THE
ONLY ONE STRONG ENOUGH
TO TAKE ON YOUR NORDIC GODS.
NOW THEN, IT'S MY TURN.
I PLAY THE SPEED SPELL
ANGEL BATON!
SINCE I HAVE AT LEAST
TWO SPEED COUNTERS
I CAN DRAW TWO ADDITIONAL
CARDS FROM MY DECK
BY SENDING ONE CARD IN
MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD.
NEXT I SUMMON FORTH
DEBRIS DRAGON.
IT'S A TUNER MONSTER,
HE'S PLANNING A SYNCHRO.
AND WHEN DEBRIS
DRAGON IS SUMMONED,
I GET TO SUMMON A MONSTER
WITH 500 OR LESS ATTACK POINTS
STRAIGHT FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
AND THE MONSTER I CHOOSE
IS COSMIC COMPASS.
AND NOW, SINCE A TUNER
IS ON MY FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON FROM MY GRAVEYARD
QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG.
NEXT UP, BECAUSE A MONSTER
WAS SUMMONED FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON
THIS MONSTER FROM MY HAND,
DOPPELWARRIOR.
BUT I'M NOT THROUGH YET.
DOPPELWARRIOR,
TUNE WITH QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
AND DEBRIS DRAGON.
NOW, OUT OF THREE
WILL COME ONE.
AND OUT OF ONE WILL
COME GREAT COSMIC MIGHT.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON THE SYNCHRO
MONSTER STARDUST DRAGON.
YOUR ULTIMATE BEAST.
BUT IT DOESN'T MATTER,
STARDUST DRAGON
IS STILL NO MATCH
FOR MY THREE NORDIC GODS.
I ACTIVATE
DOPPELWARRIOR'S ABILITY.
WHEN IT'S USED
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON,
I'M ALLOWED TO BRING OUT ONE
DOPPELWARRIOR TOKEN TO MY FIELD.
THEN FROM MY HAND, I ACTIVATE
THE SPEED SPELL OVERTUNE.
DUE TO OVERTUNE, SINCE
I HAVE FIVE SPEED COUNTERS,
I'M NOW ALLOWED TO RELEASE
ONE MONSTER ON MY FIELD.
AND IN EXCHANGE, I CAN SUMMON
ONE TUNER MONSTER FROM MY HAND
THAT HAS THE SAME LEVEL.
WAIT, JUST WHAT'S
GOING ON HERE?
I RELEASE LEVEL ONE DOPPEL TOKEN
AND SUMMON MAJESTIC DRAGON.
NOW COSMIC COMPASS
AND MAJESTIC DRAGON
TUNE WITH STARDUST DRAGON.
[ROARING]
YOU WERE WRONG WHEN YOU
CALLED STARDUST DRAGON
MY ULTIMATE BEAST, HALLDOR.
THIS IS MY ULTIMATE BEAST.
I NOW SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON.
Computer: Majestic
star dragon is a level 10
dragon type monster
with 3,800 attack points
and 3,000 defense points.
YES, YUSEI!
HE'S ACTUALLY DONE IT.
HE'S HARNESSED THE POWER
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
[ROARING]
WHAT ON EARTH IS THAT?
DON'T KNOW, THAT CARD'S
NOT IN OUR SYSTEM.
THERE'S SOMETHING
ABOUT THAT BEAST.
THIS MONSTER IS THE INCARNATION
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
NO MATTER, HE CANNOT ATTACK.
AW, HALLDOR'S RIGHT.
THE MONSTER CHAIN TRAP YUSEI
PLAYED HASN'T EXPIRED YET.
YEAH, AND UNTIL IT DOES,
YUSEI'S MONSTERS CAN'T
MAKE ANY OFFENSIVE MOVES.
NOW, SINCE COSMIC COMPASS
WAS USED TO SYNCHRO SUMMON,
I GET TO MAKE
AN ADDITIONAL DRAW.
ALL RIGHT,
NEXT I THROW DOWN A FACEDOWN.
THEN END MY TURN.
AND NOW THAT I HAVE,
I ACTIVATE A FACEDOWN.
THE TRAP STAY FORCE.
NOW BY PAYING A THOUSAND LIFE
POINTS DURING THE END PHASE
OF MY TURN,
I CAN NEGATE MY DRAGON'S ABILITY
THAT MAKES HIM LEAVE THE FIELD.
IT'S YOUR DRAW NOW.
I SMELL A RAT.
YUSEI'S PLANNING SOMETHING.
YOU WORRY TOO MUCH, DRAGAN.
OUR NORDIC GODS ARE GONNA
END THIS HERE AND NOW.
AND THERE'S NOT A THING
YUSEI CAN DO ABOUT IT.
IT'S MY TURN.
DEAR YUSEI, I APPLAUD
YOUR EFFORT TO KEEP FIGHTING,
BUT AS YOU CAN SEE,
ODIN OUTMATCHES YOUR DRAGON
BY 200 POINTS.
AND EVEN IF HE DIDN'T,
YOU BETTER BELIEVE THAT
I'VE TAKEN PRECAUTIONS
THAT WILL SECURE
MY VICTORY REGARDLESS.
PRECAUTIONS SUCH AS THIS ONE:
I ACTIVATE A TRAP CARD,
ODIN'S EYE!
AND I'M AFRAID, YUSEI,
THAT YOUR MAJESTIC STAR
DRAGON'S SPECIAL ABILITY
ISN'T ABLE TO NEGATE
THE EFFECT OF THIS CARD.
IT'S NOT?
THAT'S RIGHT,
WHEN A GOD IS ON THE FIELD,
NOTHING CAN NEGATE
THE GAZE OF ODIN'S EYE.
AND THAT BEING THE CASE,
THIS TRAP ACTIVATES.
NOW BY NEGATING
THE ABILITIES OF A GOD CARD,
I'M ALLOWED TO LOOK AT YOUR HAND
OR A FACEDOWN ON YOUR FIELD.
AND I THINK I'LL
CHOOSE TO LOOK AT
YOUR FACEDOWN, YUSEI.
I SEE, HOW INTERESTING.
YOUR FACEDOWN CARD
IS WAVE REBOUND.
THAT MEANS THAT
ON THIS VERY TURN,
IF A SYNCHRO WAS SUMMONED
FROM THE GRAVEYARD,
YOU COULD NEGATE
THAT SUMMONING
AND THEN YOU COULD DEAL
DAMAGE EQUAL TO WHAT
THAT SYNCHRO'S
ATTACK POINTS WERE.
AH, NOW I THINK I KNOW WHAT
YOU AND YOUR LITTLE DRAGON
WERE PLANNING TO
PULL ON ME, YUSEI.
WHY, MY RUNE EYE LET'S
ME SEE THE FUTURE.
I WOULD USE ODIN AND
YOU WOULD FOLLOW WITH--
THAT'S JUST WHAT
I WAS HOPING FOR.
I NOW PLAY MAJESTIC
STAR DRAGON'S ABILITY.
IT ACTIVATES WHEN YOU USE
THE EFFECT OF A SPELL,
TRAP, OR MONSTER.
NOW, BY RELEASING
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON,
ODIN'S EFFECT IS STOPPED
AND ALL THE CARDS ON YOUR
FIELD ARE DESTROYED.
[CRASHING]
NEXT I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP WAVE REBOUND.
WHICH MEANS AT THE END
OF THIS TURN,
YOU CAN'T BRING BACK
YOUR NORDIC GODS
AND YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THEIR ATTACK POINTS.
A VERY CUNNING SCHEME
YOU HAVE PLANNED.
AND I DO BELIEVE IF YOU
MANAGE TO EXECUTE YOUR SCHEME
AT THIS PRESENT MOMENT,
YOU'LL WIN THE DUEL.
HOWEVER, I THINK YOU
KNOW QUITE WELL,
I WON'T BE LETTING THAT HAPPEN.
NOT A CHANCE.
NOT SINCE I'VE SEEN IT COMING.
[THINKING]
LOOKS LIKE IT'S BACK
TO THE DRAWING BOARD.
IT'S QUITE REMARKABLE, REALLY.
AS IMPOSSIBLE AS IT IS
FOR YUSEI TO WIN THIS,
HE STILL ENDURES.
AH, YUSEI,
THIS IS HOW IT SHOULD BE.
PERHAPS IT'S NOT
AS EXCITING FOR THE CROWD,
BUT I ASSURE YOU,
IT'S EXCITING FOR ME.
AFTER ALL, THE VERY BEST PART
OF A CHESS MATCH SUCH AS THIS,
IS THE MOMENT THE PLAYERS
JUST SIT AND STRATEGIZE.
AND GIVEN THE PRESENT STATE
OF THIS DUEL OF OURS,
WELL, THAT'S WHAT
WE NOW MUST DO NOW.
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
IT'S YOUR DRAW.
WELL, YOU HEARD IT
FROM HALLDOR HIMSELF.
SEEMS THESE TWO DUELISTS
CAN'T DO A THING UNTIL THAT
MONSTER CHAIN TRAP SNAPS.
THEN, AND ONLY THEN,
WILL A WINNER EMERGE.
IF ONLY YUSEI HAD BEEN
ABLE TO GET OFF HIS TRAP.
BUT HE DIDN'T GET IT OFF,
CROW, AND THAT'S THAT.
IT'S LIKE HE SAID,
YOU CAN'T CHANGE THE PAST,
BUT YOU CAN CONTROL
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
OF COURSE BY THAT LOGIC,
HALLDOR CAN, TOO.
THE GOOD NEWS IS THAT
DUE TO YUSEI'S STAY FORCE TRAP,
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON
CAN STAY OUT THREE MORE TURNS.
BUT YOU HAVE
TO REMEMBER, BRUNO,
MONSTER CHAIN'S EFFECT WILL
END ON YUSEI'S NEXT TURN.
AND WHEN IT DOES,
THERE ARE GOING TO BE
SOME SERIOUS FIREWORKS.
YOU CAN SAY THAT AGAIN, AKIZA,
BECAUSE THAT'LL BE THE MOMENT
WHEN ALL OF THIS IS SETTLED.
WILL YUSEI WIN OR LOSE?
IT ALL COMES DOWN TO THIS.
IT'S MY TURN.
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
FIRST I USE THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2.
NOW BY REMOVING
SEVEN OF MY SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN DRAW AN EXTRA CARD.
NEXT, TO SUSTAIN THE EFFECT
OF THE TRAP STAY FORCE,
I'LL PAY A THOUSAND LIFE POINTS.
NOW MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON
NO LONGER HAS
TO LEAVE THE FIELD.
WITH THAT,
I END MY TURN.
IT'S MY DRAW.
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
NOW THEN, TIME TO END
THIS ONCE AND FOR ALL.
THAT'S RIGHT, YUSEI,
I KNOW THE PREVAILING WISDOM
HAS US ALL WAITING FOR
MONSTER CHAIN TO EXPIRE,
BUT IT'S LIKE I SAID...
HUH?
THE BEST PART OF A DUEL
IS WHEN THE PLAYERS
TAKE TIME TO STRATEGIZE.
WELL, I HAVE
STRATEGIZED, YUSEI.
AND NOW I'M READY TO
IMPLEMENT THAT STRATEGY.
SO HERE IT COMES,
ODIN, FATHER OF THE AESIR,
I ACTIVATE
YOUR SPECIAL ABILITY.
GO COMMAND OF RUNE.
WHAT?
HE'S USING ODIN'S
POWER AFTER ALL?
BUT WHY? YUSEI'S ALL
SET UP TO EXPLOIT IT.
NOW, THE MONSTER CHAIN TRAP
THAT IS AFFECTING
ODIN IS NEGATED.
THEN I PLAY MY MAJESTIC
STAR DRAGON'S EFFECT.
AS YOU WELL KNOW, HALLDOR,
WHEN YOU ACTIVATE ODIN'S ABILITY
I CAN RELEASE MAJESTIC STAR
DRAGON AND NEGATE THAT ABILITY.
THEN, ALL THE CARDS ON
YOUR FIELD ARE DESTROYED.
THAT IS THE POWER
OF STARDUST FORCE.
[GLASS SHATTERS]
[CHUCKLING]
I'LL NOW PLACE A CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
WHICH MEANS
WE'RE AT THE END PHASE
AND MY NORDIC GODS RETURN.
SO RISE, THOR, LOKI, AND
OF COURSE, MIGHTY ODIN.
[LIGHTNING CRASHES]
[ROAR]
YOU ASKED FOR IT, HALLDOR.
I PLAY MY TRAP,
WAVE REBOUND.
ANNOUNCER:
SIMPLY SENSATIONAL.
DUE TO WAVE REBOUND, ALL OF
TEAM RAGNAROK'S NORDIC GODS
WILL BE WAVING
THEIR LAST GOOD-BYES.
AND NOW, HALLDOR
WILL TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ALL THREE OF THOSE
CLOBBERING CONQUERORS.
TELL ME, YUSEI,
ARE YOU HAPPY WITH YOUR PLAN?
BECAUSE I AM HAPPY WITH IT.
IN FACT, I COULDN'T BE
HAPPIER, AND DO YOU KNOW WHY?
I THINK YOU'RE ABOUT
TO SHOW ME.
I ACTIVATE A TRAP
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
A TRAP FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD?
THAT'S CORRECT.
GJALLARHORN.
THIS TRAP UNLEASHES ITS EFFECT
ONLY WHEN SIX FEET UNDER.
AND IT'S QUITE THE EFFECT.
[HORN BLARING]
DO YOU HEAR THAT, YUSEI?
THAT'S THE SOUND OF YOUR
COMPLETE AND UTTER DESTRUCTION.
THAT'S THE SOUND OF VICTORY.
AND IT IS GETTING LOUDER.
YUSEI, PREPARE TO FEEL
THE FULL WRATH OF THE
NORDIC GODS.